FIX - web3js refactor (#1244)
polkadot-developers/polkadot-docs: smart-contracts/libraries/web3-js.md

## Set Up the Project

To start working with Web3.js, create a new folder and initialize your project by running the following commands in your terminal:

```bash
mkdir web3js-project
cd web3js-project
npm init -y
```

## Install Dependencies

Next, run the following command to install the Web3.js library:

```bash
npm install web3
```

Add the Solidity compiler so you can generate standard EVM bytecode:

```bash
npm install --save-dev solc
```

!!! tip

>     The sample scripts use ECMAScript modules. Add `"type": "module"` to your `package.json` (or rename the files to `.mjs`) so that `node` can run the `import` statements.

Author: right! this tip is not needed anymore since I've changed the scripts. Fixed in [25c7e81](https://github.com/polkadot-developers/polkadot-docs/pull/1244/commits/25c7e810f7451213fba33ffb611448bfcb3b818f)

```

### Compile the Smart Contract

To compile this contract, use the following script:

```js title="scripts/compile.js"
--8<-- 'code/smart-contracts/libraries/web3-js/compile.js'
```

!!! note 
     The script above is tailored to the `Storage.sol` contract. It can be adjusted for other contracts by changing the file name or modifying the ABI and bytecode paths.

The ABI (Application Binary Interface) is a JSON representation of your contract's functions, events, and their parameters. It serves as the interface between your JavaScript code and the deployed smart contract, allowing your application to know how to format function calls and interpret returned data.

Execute the script above by running:

```bash
node scripts/compile.js
```

After executing the script, the Solidity contract is compiled into standard EVM bytecode. The ABI and bytecode are saved into files with `.json` and `.bin` extensions, respectively. You can now proceed with deploying the contract to Polkadot Hub, as outlined in the next section.

## Deploy the Compiled Contract

To deploy your compiled contract to Polkadot Hub, you'll need a wallet with a private key to sign the deployment transaction.

> You can create a `deploy.js` script in the root of your project to achieve this. The deployment script can be divided into key components:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can create a `deploy.js` script in the `scripts` directory of your project to achieve this. The deployment script can be divided into key components:
```
